DX-1617: Checkout standard (#1253)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: checkout/v3/mac/index.md

estimated_read: 3
hide_from_sidebar: false
description: |

>   **MAC** is the Checkout for merchants with their own consumer

Reviewer: I think it's wise to spell out `MAC` whenever there's room for it, so we avoid the confusion with Apple Macintosh as much as possible.

```suggestion
  **Merchant Authenticated Consumer** is the Checkout for merchants with their own consumer
```
